Donald Trump’s latest approval rating: Poll shows concerning first for the president
Published: Feb. 14, 2025, 5:15 a.m.
Donald Trump
President Donald Trump smiles as Elon Musk speaks in the Oval Office at the White House, Tuesday, Feb. 11, 2025, in Washington. (Photo/Alex Brandon)AP





By Brian Linder | blinder@pennlive.com
Donald Trump has been busy shaking up the government and the world through the first couple weeks of his second term, and thus far the approval ratings have been promising.

While still lower than some of his predecessors, they were at an all-time high for Trump dating back to his first term, but a new poll from The Economist/YouGov has brought forth a first for the president this year.

West Rogers Park apartment fire: Child dead, mother and two firefighters injuredWest Rogers Park apartment fire: Child dead, mother and two firefighters injured
Donald Trump’s polling is as good as ever, but one result shows long-term concern
New Donald Trump polling stuns CNN again: ‘Holy smokes!’
Donald Trump had a big night at Super Bowl LIX other than one very big miss
Will Eagles celebrate with Trump at the White House? Why fans think they might decline the invite
Donald Trump won’t like what poll says about his presidential ranking
That first?

Well, in the Economist/YouGov poll he has a 46-percent approval rating while 48-percent of those polled disapprove of the job he is doing. That is the first time since he was sworn-in that his approval rating has dipped below the percentage of those who disapprove of his job.


The poll has a margin of error of 3.4 percent, per Newsweek.

Still, it’s a bit of a swing from just a week earlier when Trump had a 44-percent disapproval rating in the same poll.

RECOMMENDED

New Donald Trump polling stuns CNN again: ‘Holy smokes!’Feb. 11, 2025, 5:00 a.m.

Donald Trump’s polling is as good as ever, but one result shows long-term concernFeb. 12, 2025, 5:00 a.m.

“President Donald Trump began his presidency on a surge of popularity unprecedented for him,” the poll noted. “That has now faded.”

It will be interesting to see if the polling continues to slide in a negative direction for Trump or if he can turn things around.


If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Around the Web
Trump’s ‘most-hated’ CNN anchor leaving network after it pulls his show
CNN anchor quits network, fires back after Trump calls him a ‘major loser’
Weekly Financial Solutions
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Residents In New Jersey With Credit Card Debt Could Be In For A Big Surprise
CNN stunned by Trump poll: ‘Very much unlike what we saw 8 years ago’
Former ‘The View’ host adds fuel to Obama divorce rumors
SkipDiscoverRead More
Amazon's Worst Nightmare: Thousands Canceling Prime for This Clever Hack
This simple trick can save tons of money on Amazon, but most Prime members are ignoring it.
Online Shopping Tools
|
Sponsored
Amazon Is Losing Millions as Shoppers Cancel Prime Over This
Americans, You’ll Want to Check This ASAP
Karma Shopping
|
Sponsored
New York Student Sentenced To Year In Dubai Prison After Touching Airport Security Guard During Layover - Blavity
Blavity.com
|
Sponsored
Clay Travis & Buck Sexton Supports IFCJ & Israel
Please join us in supporting The Fellowship in their Life-Saving work. IFCJ has been providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need for over 40 years. Help continue the good work.
IFCJ | The Fellowship
|
Sponsored
Trump's Proposed IRS Reform To Wipe Out Tax Debt for Millions of Americans [Check Eligibility]
Trump announced on Tuesday his plan to forgive over $300 million in taxpayer debt in 2025. If enacted, it would be the largest tax forgiveness windfall in American history.
Fresh Start Information
|
Sponsored
Mortgage Rates Have Dropped—Lock in a Lower Rate Today
NerdWallet
|
Sponsored
Saturday: New Trump Tax Plan to Forgive Millions in IRS Debt [Check Eligibility]
Trump announced on Tuesday his plan to forgive over $300 million in taxpayer debt in 2025. If enacted, it would be the largest tax forgiveness windfall in American history.
Fresh Start Information
|
Sponsored
Former ‘Meet the Press’ moderator leaving NBC News
PennLive.com
Popular singer apologizes to fans for performing at Trump Inauguration
PennLive.com

You Might Like
I’m partnering with IFCJ
IFCJ | The Fellowship
Robert Kennedy Jr. confirmed as U.S. health secretary in close vote
PennLive.com
Flight Attendant Reveals How To Fly Business Class For The Price of Economy
Online Shopping Tools
Sen. Fetterman, who’s supported some Trump nominees, a ‘no’ vote on RFK Jr., Gabbard
PennLive.com
Choice 10" x 14" Navy Blue Colored Paper Placemat
$37.99 - WebstaurantStore
Arnold Schwarzenegger responds to report he is leaving U.S. because of Trump
PennLive.com
by TaboolaPromoted Links

Visit the PennLive home page
About Us
Contact Us
Send Us a News Tip
PA Media Group
The Patriot-News
Advertise with Us
Career Opportunities
PennLive
Community Rules
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
PennLive
The Patriot-News
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
PennLive Sections
Business
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Home
News
Sports
PSU Football
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Pa. Life & Culture
Pa. Food & Dining
Opinion
Mobile Apps
iPhone, Android Apps
Tablet Apps
More on PennLive
Weather News
Archives
Post a Job
Post a Classified Ad
Sell your Car
Sell/Rent your Home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Your Privacy ChoicesCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices iconAd Choices
Advance Local logo
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

